Oliver had been to the works to be
mended some troublesome cars tricked him
in the Great Western engine fell into
the turntable well now Oliver was as
good as new but he was still worried
about cars I'd rather not used him he
puffed to himself
but the cards say songs rude and loud
scruffy their leader led the cause when
the orders are somehow with the greatest
finally we just push them down the well
Thomas duck and Percy was shocked be
quiet
they ordered but they couldn't be
everywhere and everywhere they worried
the cause began again at last the
engines gave up
we're sorry Oliver they said it's really
my fault said Oliver sadly I shouldn't
have fallen in the turntable well toad
the brake van felt sorry for Oliver too
next morning he spoke to Douglas in wine
mr. Douglas this disrespect for engines
where is it going to end
who knows side Douglas I've got a period
mr. Douglas maybe stay here today and
help mr. Oliver
we are both great western and must stand
together santen Lee told replied Douglas
puffed away soon toad was explaining his
plan
goodness gracious toad I don't think you
should suggest such a thing to Oliver
but Oliver interrupted no duck toads
right it's really my fault I must put
this trouble right I meant no disrespect
you understand of course not told anyway
driver says the same and he's arranged
it with the stationmaster very well
Oliver conceded duck but I must hurry my
passengers will be waiting good luck so
long smiled Oliver bravely but he felt
dreadfully nervous inside
Oliver Marshall the worst cars to buy to
install a mr. Oliver whispered toad and
if you leave that scruffy till last
then you'll haven't been menu you can
bump him if he starts announcing
Oh bag fall back whispered scruffy and
pass the word to the other the silly
cars giggle but I'll ever knew what to
do there was plenty of sand on the rails
and his wheels grip splendidly he gave a
great heave groan scruffy auto like this
go on Yelp done well done boy
well done well scruffy I'm comin apart
and he did then there was trouble
well Oliver so you don't know your own
strength is that it
no sir said said Oliver nervously Sir
Topham Hatt inspected scruffy as I
thought rotten wood
rusty frames maybe if we put you back
together you'll earn yourself a better
name
nowadays Oliver only takes the cars when
the other engines are busy but they were
always quick to warn each other take
care with mr. Oliver if you play tricks
on him you'll never be the same car
again
scruffy has learned his lesson so
nothing at all